Take a picture of 200 million little people named stars
Just to give it to the wife, otherwise?
There are 200 million necklaces.
What else do you need? What gift?
Ah hey
Mr. Zhang, what gifts do girls like?
You have to ask a girl
Jewelry, these girls will definitely like it.
But I think
Mrs. Ming may be more concerned about your wishes
Like buying a bunch of flowers and taking her to dinner
Watch a movie or something
OK
Let's go together
Are you confident? Remember
general manager
I especially hate the subordinates who have trouble with him
You must not ruin your future
Thank you for the reminder
I only want to account for double the total salary
I don't like his people
Come on, I'm so tired.
Finally done
This rich man
To show affection, you have to call people